Rework IBM Cloud Public instructions to call common instructions (#3662)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/platform/ibm/index.md

## IBM Cloud Public

> To use Helm with IBM Cloud Public, follow the instructions for [install/uninstall](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/) and [upgrading](/docs/setup/kubernetes/upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [these instructions](/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/) to install and run the current release version of Istio in [IBM Cloud Public](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/) using Helm and the IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS).

To upgrade Istio in an existing IKS cluster, follow the [upgrade instructions](/docs/setup/kubernetes/upgrade) instead.
```
